Move all k8S classes to cncf.kubernetes provider (#32767)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/core-concepts/executor/celery_kubernetes.rst

CeleryKubernetes Executor
=========================

.. note::

>     As of Airflow 2.7.0, you need to install both ``celery`` and ``kubernetes`` provider package to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of Airflow 2.7.0, you need to install both the ``celery`` and ``kubernetes`` provider packages to use
```
